you're wondering what's going on here at
all these people this is very cool look
at they're selling basically steamed
buns you get two kinds one of the
vegetables one of meat they're very
popular here as you can see there's
always a huge queue it's a very famous
place about this an old shanghai
restaurant anyway I bought mine quickie
that restaurants actually fantastic they
sell well they make all sorts a good
food I will do a proper one with Tara
and one of these days but I thought I
just quickly show you guys the awesome
fantastic Bowser from that place bars
are one of my favorite little street
foods normally you have them for
breakfast
but as you can see they also open in the
afternoon there yeah these ones are much
bigger than usual and they also a lot
more expensive than usual in like a
small village you can buy a Bowser for
about Walmart which is 50 Cent's you
know Chinese since I don't know how much
that isn't in u.s. dollars is really
cheap but these ones are 2 bucks 50 down
quite wool each 2.5 mm bean that's still
really really cheap because they're nice
and bacon awesome so I've gotten to meet
ones and two vegetable ones and that's
just me more than enough to fill the
person up is that giving a whole meal
turn room and B okay so I'm just gonna
find a place to put all my stuff down
and show you what these things are like
all right well welcome to my own little
private restaurant otherwise known as my
car I'm going to take one of these
things I think this is a vegetable one
let me see I'm gonna give it a bite
mm-hmm oh yeah and it's vegetable scope
it's a mushroom and mm-hmm it's bloody
delicious anyway let me take a meat one
I'll finish that one off for later
mister just for demonstration purposes
okay here we have the meat Bowser take a
bite mmm
bloody delicious so yeah it's a simple
food as you can see it's steamed not
boiled or fried or anything it's I'd say
it's relatively healthy sure you get
dodgy ones with dodgy meat and all that
if you go to dirty places but these are
like a staple thing in the morning you
can find them being baked so steamed on
the side of the road everywhere so they
just go hmm go up to the guy and say
however many you want so like for
instance we are younger Bowser younger
okay let me tell you how to say it in
Chinese for the meat when you say roll
bar which means meat meat bun basically
so you can say well yeah Leung go to
roll bow why are you going to roll bar
that kind of thing and let me go find my
heart beating vegetable one for
demonstration purposes try not to spill
anything here this is a tie bar so we
are you could side bar we are longer tie
bar just means vegetable bun so yeah
balls are awesome awesome street food
okay
so anyway that's it for this little food
food for foreigners quickie see you guys
next time in fact see you guys really
soon because we did another one a couple
of nights ago
so I'll get it prepped and uploaded very
soon so